pipemath - command-line pipeline math made easy (and fun!)
==========================================================
pipemath is a collection of C programs that performs an indicated
math operation, taking input primarily from STDIN, and secondarily
(if a binary operator) from a command-line supplied value. The
operation is performed on the input(s), with the result being
displayed to STDOUT.

This project also helps to give user's experience in compiling and
installing software so that they can make use of it in their own
endeavors.

How to compile
==============
Before you can use pipemath, you first need to compile the source
code. This has been simplified with the use of a Makefile. All you
have to do (provided a capable C compiler is installed), is to type
'make' at the command-line and the process should commence. You
will see each tool be compiled, and hopefully in a successful
fashion.

How to install
==============
In order to make use of pipemath for your endeavors, you will need
to install them into some directory in your PATH. Your personal bin
directory, located in the base of your home directory will do fine.

To install pipemath into your own bin directory, simply run:

	make install

at the prompt. Once done you should be all set. Try seeing if the
tools are now available to you (try running 'plus' or any of the
other tools- if it doesn't come back saying "No such file or
directory", then the install was successful).

If not you may want to try logging out and logging back in.

How to use
==========
The various pipemath tools, named for the mathematical operation
they perform, are either a binary or unary input tool. For the
binary input, the primary input comes from STDIN, and the 
secondary input comes from a command-line supplied value.

For the unary input tools, they only take input via STDIN.

Once all required inputs have been provided, the indicated math
operation is performed with the result being displayed to STDOUT.
