UNIX Knowledge Assessment (uka0)
================================
Once again, your skills are put to the test; you are given a data file
that contains a scrambled ASCII art image that you must unravel and 
re-assemble, using only non-interactive command-line tools (no text
editors! no assistive scripts you didn't write!)

The final image can be identified by a top and bottom row of the 
letters of the alphabet, uppercase on the top, lowercase on the
bottom. The progression is from left to right.

The left and right-most columns contain a sequential count. The left
column ranges from 0.0 to 4.5 top to bottom, whereas the right column
ranges from 29 to 0 top to bottom.

Use your experiences from the projects you've worked on, the various
experimentation you've done in your own time, referencing the manual
pages, and applying critical reasoning and common sense to solve this
puzzle.

Some tools you may want to investigate:
        - cat(1)
        - cut(1)
        - paste(1)
        - sort(1)
        - tr(1)
        - uudecode(1)
        - uniq(1)

Obviously, since it is a knowledge assessment, you cannot communicate
with others. You may ask the instructor or available tutors for 
clarification, but this exercise is meant for you to accomplish on
your own, we will not be providing assistance, nor should you receive
any from other individuals.

You can verify your results by comparing md5sum hashes- I have stored
the md5sum hash inside the MANIFEST file in the project public
directory (just as I've done for your other recent projects).

Keep track of your steps, and place them in a working non-interactive
script by the name of "uka0steps", which you will submit along with
your final ASCII art image, stored in a file called: "uka0.results"

Your "uka0steps" file, while I would hope you make use of various
shell facilities (like quotes, variables, wildcards), please do have
a focus on having the file be readable with respect to comments and
general file name references.

To submit, do the following:

    submit unix uka0 uka0.results uka0steps

Some things I will be looking for:

	*:uka0:submitted uka0.results file via submit tool
	*:uka0:submitted uka0steps file via submit tool
	*:uka0:uka0.results is correctly unscrambled and assembled
	*:uka0:uka0.results md5sum matches project MANIFEST
	*:uka0:uka0steps contains valid list of instructions
	*:uka0:uka0steps uses shell features
	*:uka0:uka0steps contains comments explaining process
	*:uka0:uka0steps sets up local project directories
	*:uka0:uka0steps copy data files with with absolute path
	*:uka0:uka0steps all other paths are relative
	*:uka0:uka0steps automates the project when executed
